Storybook Test: Add readme (#24678)
storybookjs/storybook: code/lib/test/README.md

# Storybook Test

> The `@storybook/test` package contains utilities to be used to test your story in the `play` function.

Reviewer: Just a stylistic suggestion, take or leave it.

```suggestion
The `@storybook/test` package contains utilities for testing your stories inside `play` functions.
```

## Installation

Install this addon by adding the `@storybook/test` dependency:

```sh
npm install -D @storybook/test
pnpm add -D @storybook/test
yarn add -D @storybook/test
```

> 

Reviewer: You could also mention that it doesn't need to be added to any Storybook configuration, since many of the other Storybook packages do need that, folks might be wondering where to configure it.

Author: Done!

## Usage

> The test package exports an instrumented version `@vitest/spy`, `@vitest/expect` (based on `chai`), `@testing-library/dom` and `@testing-library/user-event`.

Reviewer: Might be nice to link to the other packages, in case someone wants to learn more about them and how they work.

```suggestion
The test package exports instrumented versions of [@vitest/spy](https://vitest.dev/api/mock.html), [@vitest/expect](https://vitest.dev/api/expect.html) (based on [chai](https://www.chaijs.com/)), [@testing-library/dom](https://testing-library.com/docs/dom-testing-library/intro) and [@testing-library/user-event](https://testing-library.com/docs/user-event/intro).
```

> The instrumentation makes sure you can debug those methods in the addon-interactions panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instrumentation makes sure you can debug those methods in the [addon-interactions](https://storybook.js.org/addons/@storybook/addon-interactions) panel.
```

# Storybook Test

The `@storybook/test` package contains utilities for testing your stories inside `play` functions.

## Installation

> Install this addon by adding the `@storybook/test` dependency:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install the package by adding the `@storybook/test` dev dependency:
```

```sh
npm install -D @storybook/test
pnpm add -D @storybook/test
yarn add -D @storybook/test
```

Note that this package is not an addon, so you don't have to add it to your `main.js/main.ts` file.

## Usage

The test package exports instrumented versions of [@vitest/spy](https://vitest.dev/api/mock.html), [@vitest/expect](https://vitest.dev/api/expect.html) (based on [chai](https://www.chaijs.com/)), [@testing-library/dom](https://testing-library.com/docs/dom-testing-library/intro) and [@testing-library/user-event](https://testing-library.com/docs/user-event/intro).
The instrumentation makes sure you can debug those methods in the [addon-interactions](https://storybook.js.org/addons/@storybook/addon-interactions) panel.

```ts

> import { Button } from './Button';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Button.stories.ts
import { Button } from './Button';
```
